So far we have been talking about the convolutional operation but let's take a look at a concrete example
that we have the image all the images can be represented as matrices.
This is what we have been discussing.
And of course we have the feature detector that can be represented as a matrix as well.
So we have to make some convolutional operation with the half of these two matrices.
And basically we just have to consider as many items as the number of items in the feature detector
and we have to multiply the items accordingly.
The first item would be the first item.
The second item with the second item search item with the third item fourth item with the fourth item
and so on.
OK here we have all zeros.
So that's why the solution to me will be zero.
And we have to shift the given feature detector one step to the right.
We can define it how many steps to shift after each operation.
In these given example we shift just a single pixel.
So we take one step to the right and again we are going to multiply the items one by one as we can see
all the items are zeros except for the last one.
So one time the one is equals to arm.
Ok then we shift again.
0 times 1 plus 0 times 0 plus 0 0 times 0 plus 0 times 1 and so on again we have to move to apply the
items accordingly.
And we have to sum them up one times one is equal to one again.
Here the result will be zero.
So we have to shift again and 0 again.
OK let's consider the next throw.
In this case the result is a 1 dentistry because one times Warum plus one times one plus one times one
is close to three.
Let's continue.
It is a one down one than is zero.
OK.
Again we keep shifting the feature detector and we keep multiplying the items accordingly to 0 0 2 2
2 0 0 1 0 2 and 0 again.
So this is how we can issue the original image with the feature detector.
And we just have to move the plies the items accordingly as we can see we have managed to end up with
the feature map.
This is called the feature map.
So after applying the feature detector on the regional image we end up with the feature map and the
size of the feature map is smaller than the size of the regional image.
This is how we can reduce the size of the training examples.
And eventually this is how we are able to boost our algorithm because this is our main problem.
We did dance.
Now the networks that there are lots of lots of adulate So lots of lots of connections and that's why
the training is going to be very slow.
If we are able to reduce the number of features the number of inputs basically we drop off a kernel
function for example.
It is good because our training procedure will be faster.
And this is exactly what we are after.
OK so we have the image and with the map of the feature detector we can end up with a feature a map
that size is going to be smaller than the original image.
Of course we have been discussing that we dont know at the beginning what feature detectors to use and
thats why we are going to use several feature detectors.
And if we apply the feature detector on a given image we end up with a feature map that we use another
cannel another feature detector on the same image.
Thats why we will have another feature amap Dan with another kernel we will have another feature map
and thats why we will have lots of lots of feature maps out of the same image because we use different
feature detectors so of several feature maps because of severals feature detectors.
So this is the first stop that we apply the given feature detectors or filters or kernel's on the image.
But we don't know for certain what kernels to use.
That's why we use lots of lots of different channels and that's why we end up with lots of lots of feature
maps how to calculate the values in the feature map.
We just have to make a matrix operation and multiply the items accordingly.
As far as the image and as far as the feature detectors values our concern was extremely important that
we'd have to apply the rectifies linear unit activation function because we would like to introduce
some nonlinearity in our in our own network.
So we have to use the feature detectors on the given image.
We are going to have lots of lots of feature maps because we have lots of lots of feature detectors
and we have to use the rectifier linear unit activation function on every single feature map.
OK.
So this is the first two steps as far as convolutional now and that rocks are concerned.
We have to use the Karina's in order to end up in the feature map.
Dan we have to use the relic activation function in order to introduce some non-linearity.
OK in the next lecture we are going to talk about the pooling operation.
Thanks for watching.